#jmeter-resultsexporter
======================

JMeter plugin to export results automatically at the end of a test: 

## Objectives
The goal of this plugin is to facilitate the saving of test results for "stress test" sessions with JMeter. 
When doing stress tests for a long time, for example improving different aspects of an application, it is common to forget to save test results, that could prove themselves useful in the future. 

Even if the JTL/CSV/XML file generated by default should be sufficient to recreate all graphs and views, it is easier to export them at the time of the test in the way they were configured. In addition, test configuration pages are also saved, which facilitates finding back the context of the test. 

## How it works
The plugin provides a "Results Exporter" listener: when added to a thread group, user will be asked if he/she wants to export the test results at the end of a test, and if so, will be asked for a test name. 
This "test name" will be used as a directory name to export all the test results. It should be significant to the specificities of this test (for ex. describing changes in a server configuration). 

The "Write results to file" section of the listener should be filled to a file path that will serve both for saving the initial JTl results file, and as a parent directory to the test results directory.

The results exported are: 
* a copy of the JTL/CSV/XML file configured in the "Write results to file" section of the ResultsExporter
* a screenshot of all test elements present in the thread group, made via the "save node as image" feature of JMeter. 

## How to use it
copy the resultsexporter-*.jar file in jmeter/lib/ext directory. 
After restarting jmeter, you will be able to add a "Results Exporter" listener, as explained above. 

This plugin has been tested with JMeter 2.7 and 2.8
